

So, gamers like to joke that their D&D characters play some variant of “Offices & Overseers”.  Probably between adventures, at the Tavern, and certainly not in the bathroom (never happens). 

Anyhow, I’ve been trying to work on getting a day job, this of course will be of great benefit to my quizzers, who can then advise me not to quit said job when jokes are bad.  At any event, I realized that I have no idea what “skills” exist in the minds of HR Directors and the bots they use to parse and weed out resumes.  But I do know the skill systems of several RPGs, including ones only in my head.  Got me thinking of looking these skills up and writing them out like an RPG… which got my brain going in other directions, hence I will likely begin developing “Offices & Overseers”, an RPG where you make your “character” to help you figure out how to market your skills to HR bots.  Because gamers need that (or at least I do), and it will make trying to figure this shit out more interesting.  Even thinking of having a character sheet program that spits out a resume.  Now Thog can play “Dave, Developer of Front Ends! Garg!”.

After writing the above, found out “Offices and Bosses” is a podcast describing what playing a game like this would be like.  Awesome.  Know what I’m listening to tonight.

Anyhow, quiz.  Had my volume turned down and couldn’t figure it out for Round 2, that was embarrassing as all Hell.  Had two teams of 7… and both let me know ahead of time, and neither ended up in 1st or 2nd place, so that wad good.

Title not creative, because, for the second week in a row, sick the day after quiz.  This time, a head cold.  Thought it was just sore throat from rocking the mic like a boss, but turned out to be a viral thing.  I think.  Feels like anyway.

Quiz had some drama, namely a team had 7 players, didn’t tell me, then one split at the end of the night.  They fessed to it, so everything is right with the world, but still could have been awkward.

Two of my regulars are getting married, to each other.  This answered my question of “If two dudes get married, who gets the engagement ring?”  Answer: they both do, so another win for being gay I guess (instead of shelling out cash for someone else’s ring).

I think I know why I’m sick, maybe.  Slept in a tent in the woods this weekend.  It was cold.  Really cold.  Like, “holy shit this reminds me of New England” cold.  So that may have something to do with it.  Also, pro tip for people moving to the Seattle area:  turn off “ferries” on your GPS if heading south of the city, or else it will try to take you home thru Bremerton in the middle of the night and waste your time.

Jet lag is weird.  Especially when you go from Seattle (47° Latitude) to Boston (42° Latitude).  I woke up at 7AM Boston Time the other day.  My body thought it was both 4AM (due to time zone) and 10 AM (due to where the Sun was in the sky) at the same dam time.  As for today, I have been up since 3AM PT.  SO yes, fun times.  Went from essentially falling asleep on the couch to “Quiz Time”.  And here I am, ready to rock (yes, I write these if I set up quick and have time at the venue, booyeah).

With all this stuff about Taiwan’s president in the news, am I the only one who noticed that, based on the pinyin (Tsai Ing-Wen) used to state her name, that her name is English (the language)?  Like, seriously, wtf?  I’m sure that it’s a different Ing and Wen from the language, but still… weird.

I had a team realize they never turned in Round 8.  I had asked for a few other rounds, but didn’t even notice for round 8.  They would have tied for second (assuming the answers I saw were pre-me reading them).  I can’t give it to them, but yeah, rough.  I blame Jet Lag.

Also, mild food poisoning.  Woke up next morning feeling AMAZING.  As in, amazed that my wife was showering when I needed the bathroom most, and amazed how well a garbage disposal handles, er, cheeseburger.

Seriously, I have no idea how one goes about networking.  My wife was mad that she has to bring up that I’m job hunting, but I wonder: would I get there given enough time, or do I just find desperation awkward?  Likely there is some weirdly deep-seated thing from where I grew up… like an aversion to “handouts” (not that I complained about actual unemployment the last time I was jobless this long and, you know, qualified for it, but psychology is weird… and apparently, my home town didn’t vote for Hillary).  Whatever the case, I am really bad at networking.  And at finding careers that are stable… I apparently hate teaching, and developing Standardized High School Physics tests was a VERY niche market.  Seriously.  Whatever.

So, if anyone knows how to get into front-end or UX development, let me know.  And yes, I say that because I program for a hobby, and an online test suggested Front End Dev as a potential career, so there I am.  Unless you have need for an ex-high school physics teacher that refuses to be a high school physics teacher again.  Then hey, I’m up for whatever.

The recent election has me thinking about, well, what the lead-up to this election (and 2014’s Midterm) was, and how to, well, explain it.  It’s difficult to criticize the left, given that there are two ways to describe it: “left wants social justice, right wants to feel empowered at the expense of the marginalized”  or “the right does it directly, the left pretends to care about social justice, but both just want a sense of personal empowerment at the expense of others”.  Hell, even THAT will likely get me in trouble to say.  But, since much of my issues with the left stem from a weird fight between social studies and science in the 90s (my issue with the right is the same as the left’s, basically that the alt-right et all are racist pricks), I feel another difference between science and social constructivism may point it out without succumbing to the same “personal empowerment” issue cropping out.  If this stresses you out to read, I’m sorry, seriously, I want to help move things forward intelligently, not feel empowered at anyone’s expense.  That said, here goes:  What Serious About A Political Goal Looks Like.

Global Warming.  It’s a thing.  The average temperature of the Earth is increasing, and it’s an issue.  Would it increase without humans?  Yes; has been since the all-time low around 1816.  Would it be this high without humans?  No.  So, Global Warming = Real.  Or, if you’re unsure about that, we’re taking that as an axiom for the remainder of the discussion, since the important part is showing what serious looks like.  Global Warming is a great term for it; since the global average temperature is increasing, which, from a science perspective, means there is more energy in the system (temperature = average molecular kinetic energy) and thus more ability for energy to overcome barriers, creating various weather and climate issues.

But people said “if it’s Global WARMING, why is it colder out?”.  In response, of course, geologists and scientists ridiculed them and continued to… kidding, no, they changed the term.  Global Climate Change.  Is it as good a term?  No.  I mean, it works, the extra energy changes climate… but so would an Ice Age, which is the opposite of our problem.  BUT, to get people to take it seriously, they had to avoid the colloquial term in favor of a term the average, uneducated (in science at least, again, not trying to feel empowered, just trying to educate) person would not confuse with the wrong idea.  So they changed the term.  This shows a level of seriousness; if the term that best fits academically loses the needed audience, change it.  Find one that works.  Hell,  works better than belittling and keeping on.

Anyhow, that had nothing to do with quiz, but at least it’s not a tasteless joke.  Or as depressing as my last post.

So, in anticipation of another election, never my favorite thing because my first chance to vote was November 2000, I checked the statistics.  There was an 85% chance Hillary would win.  But, I’ve had worse odds at tragedy hit, so I’m not shocked.  In fact, this isn’t the worst November 9th I’ve ever had.

You see, all parents want their kids to be “1 in a million”.  Mine, well, he was 1 in 2.3 million.  Unfortunately, that 2.3 million was the 2.3 million stillbirths that occurred worldwide in 2015 (number from the Lancet, Jan 2016… that’s right, my depressing post has references).  So I expected that today would be a bit of a downer for me anyway because, well, 1st birthday (deathday?) of Dylan, my son.

Quick version of the story: there was a skip in his heartbeat, but that turned out to be nothing; we had taken him to the hospital that Wednesday, had a scan, and no issues.  That was the 4th.  Sunday the 8th we noticed he wasn’t too active the last two days… well, Amy noticed, he was scared of me, I think, and never kicked when I had my hand on her stomach.  Anyhow, we went to get a scan at Beth Israel in Boston (we lived in Medford, a suburb of Boston) and they were all like “huh… this machine is techy, let’s get the other one… oh, huh”.  And long story short, no heartbeat, they had to induce labor, spent 3 days in the hospital (I drove home to get stuff, drove to my parent’s place to tell them, and I brought in a pie we were baking before we left for the hospital to eat because, fuck it, pumpkin pie).

Tasteless Joke Interlude: What’s worse than 10 dead babies in a trash barrel?   Give up?  Watching your wife give birth to one, because when they die at 39 weeks, they still have to come out somehow (feel free to steal this if you’re offended by dead baby jokes and someone starts to tell that one… I never used it on someone, but I figure the horrified look on their face may be worth it).

My wife spent most of the next few months in a state of shock (occasionally asking when we can go pick the baby up from the hospital, because her brain refused to understand he was dead), and depression.  After some depressing comments like “it’s near the Tedeschi’s you bought ice cream for me from the last happy night of my pregnancy”, we decided to move to Seattle (since half of her work group worked out of the Seattle office).

So that, in a nutshell, is why I’m unemployed (except for Quiz) in Seattle… I gave up my job in the MA Department of Elementary and Secondary Education and drove across the country for my wife’s sanity (anyone hiring a test developer, or is that too soon?).

To celebrate Dylan’s first birthday, we went for a long walk, bought a candle with a bell jar we can snuff, I’m going to bake another pumpkin pie, since that’s what I was doing when we found out, and my wife came to quiz with her childhood best friend, who lives in Kirkland, and some of our/her new Seattle friends. 

So yes, Puppies & Fucking Rainbows.

News from Darinland (which is like Disneyland, but only has one ride and Amy divorces me if anyone else goes on it) my App is nearly done… message me on Facebook if you want to Beta Test it.  Next step is Ads, so nows the time… assuming you like D&D 5e Character Sheets with Paper-doll inventories (otherwise, eh).

And of course, excel isn’t working.

In any event, we had a decent turnout, and returning regulars


For months, I knew that 36 is a big year in the Chinese zodiac.  No, I’m not into Astrology, but I was curious why.  Come to find out, it’s an affront to some of the planets or something:  “According to Chinese astrology, people in their zodiac year are believed to offend Tai Sui, the God of Age, and incur his curse. It is believed to bring nothing but bad luck. Therefore Chinese astrology followers pay special attention to their conduct every twelfth year of their lives, i.e. in their birth sign years.”  Well, see last week for Car issues.  Also, on Friday, I sliced my left index finger pretty bad, and went “F*ck, I think I might need stitches” 

Well, I went to a place near me for emergency care (still don’t know where the hospital is).  First place doesn’t do that sort of thing.  Second place did, but the “Storm of the Century” (or what we from Boston would call a Nor’Easter) knocked out there power.  Third place looked at it, said I needed stitches or DermaBond (read: medical grade superglue), and put gauze on it (since I removed the two band-aids and duct tape preventing the bleed out for him to look at it).  As I waited, the lights flickered.   Then they flickered again.   A total of 4 harrowing times, and finally he glued me up to “get that laceration sealed before power goes out”.

Anyhow, QUIZ!

Four teams, and one left after Round 1.  I assume this was due to the general depression caused by the Presidential Debate – Election 2016: When “The Lesser of Two Evils” Could Only Be More True if it Was Cthulu vs Voldemort.  We had two teams Joker round 3… my first 16 point round 3 as QM.  Yep, good times.

Started off with my new printer running out of red… magenta… whatever.  Got back from Office Depot to find it also needed Black.  My apartment building has a computer room, so I ran downstairs with a flash key… just to run back upstairs and grab my laptop, since there was only 1 computer left (of 5), and the printer didn’t work on it.  By left read: the rest were gone.  Took 20 minutes to get an a=unattached printer to work with my laptop (USB ports are not backwards compatible).  And to top the night off, when I was in LA for my bday, my wife left the lights on, so the battery was dead.  But I did get to ride with a Lyft driver who just drove a rapper Hopsin or some such, so that was cool.  But hey, beats sitting at home watching CNN, which I do because I’m unemployed-er, a Feminist, since I do the homemaking to support my wife.  Except on Quiz Night.

Played Toto, in anticipation of a question referencing…Toto.

Unlike last week, had a HUGE number of teams… I can’t tell for sure if my performance last week had people telling their friends, but I like to think so.  I’m sure it wasn’t because there was a Firefly quiz last week.  I swear (it was totally Firefly).

Special shout out to Mac, I hope his birthday was awesome… see, just like the plug says, we do birthdays… even if it’s incidental because you went to the bar on it.

The competition was FIERCE… almost as fierce as that music round (seriously, only one team got more than 8 on that).  Ended with…SUDDEN DEATH between October Owls and TBA: Shimmy Shimmy Hillary… they’d Shimmied it in at the end, slipping in the 6 to get the sudden death points.  Wow, that came out wrong, I meant Henry VI on one of the sudden… death… gay se-er, Shakespeare questions.  Yep.  That’s it, because, I would never, I mean… (call me).

With record numbers of teams, got to give a shout out to Dave, Katie, and the rest of the Magnolia Village Crew… you kept my quizzers lubricated, so I thank you.

No, not talking about the Debate, talking about Wednesday, 9/28 at Magnolia Village Pub.  Had some technical difficulties at the beginning…mainly that the cord I needed was buried in a tangle of cords reminiscent of ropes on a wrecked pirate ship, and that the levels were wacky on my board.  Hence the picture of the board.  Also, I hate iTunes.  If the songs are in a certain order in the playlist, play them in that order…don’t skip so that the Count of Counting just, well, Counts.  Creepy children’s show vampires.

But enough Trump-ian blaming the mic for a poor performance, time to talk about Quiz.  There were, well, fewer teams than usual… though one member of “TBA” (Tonight’s name: Fat Kids Hate Fire Drills) mentioned that one of their regulars was at the Firefly Quiz, so I’m going to go ahead and blame that for poor turnout here (hey, there are worse reasons in the ‘verse than people ditching Quiz for, well, special Quiz). 

Aside from the relative quiet, we had a good time.  The Church Ladies did really well, and it worked out for them that the Firefly kids weren’t around… yay for a 2nd place win (they told me they usually get around 4th, so).

I hope the couple that mistook this for Speed Dating had a better night than they did a score.

My first night as a real Quiz Master… as opposed to a Quiz Apprentice like last week… and it went well.  No fires were set, no one died, and most of us left with all of our limbs!  Yay!  A few clever team names, and none that I need to edit before posting, so we all win at life.  I even got to do an Archer-esque “Danger Zone!”, so I was stoked. In preparing for the evening, found out that Magnolia is known as a Coug bar… or Cougar Bar.  Let’s just say that, being a recent transplant from Boston made me… and my wife… think that meant something very different, but the older ladies were not out in force, so all is well.

Everyone seemed to start off on fairly even footing.  The Music Round was a little different than usual, which was good… though how one team nailed the chemical element without first knowing the band was amazing.  Seriously, like a 1 in… er… a lot chances (I studied physics, not empirical stamp colle-er, chemistry) of getting that right (or like 1 in 20-100, since it wasn’t likely to be a two-letter element, and certainly not Yttrium).  Knowing it was my first time, GWD gave me a Round 7 “Mystery Round”, which was fun.  But, at the end of the night, we can only have 1 first place team… and with two teams tied for that honor, we had SUDDEN DEATH! (Does this mean I lied about the lack of death above?).  With a Sudden Death score of 5/5 vs 4/5, we had our victors: Missing Colonel Lingus, who barely edged out Montblanc for the extra $10.  But remember guys: the rounds have a little leeway, so anyone could have a night that focuses on their talents… like pulling chemical elements out of their asses.

Team Name I Wish I Heard: Colin Powell’s Presidential Colin Pow!

Also, I’ve been using Pandora… and would love to start a Magnolia station.  If you guys have suggestions for Bands/Songs, please let me know!

Of course, now that I just started the job, I’m off to Hawaii for a week.  Enjoy the sub, and I’ll be back in two with Quiz for you!

Weird week, weird night.  Monday night I had an experience, in case you thought rumors about Belltown were untrue.  Walking thru Pike's Place Market at 10:30 at night, a car put on its reverse lights as I was near it. Sped up to let them out. Noticed their headlights weren’t on, didn't say anything. A guy was staring at me from the rear window. They pulled into another spot. One guy got out, followed me for a few blocks, called ME the n-word and was making comments (I was ignoring them, but whatever). Stopped for a do not walk 2 BLOCKS away. Guy got in front of me and was all like "why were you staring at me?" I told him to take a walk. He said "what are you gonna do", then poured a bottle of water on me and ran off. 

Tonight, started off with an audio-driver error.  Great for, you know, Audio rounds.

Quiz went great.  Had ties for 2nd to last and 2nd.  Handled the later with a tiebreaker; the former with a dance-off.  YES.

Then leaving, I noticed my front tire was completely flat.  Couldn’t find my Jack.  Called AAA.  He couldn’t find the hole in my tire.  Good times.


The tires could not be fixed, due to be the factory originals and about as bald as Trump would be without the hairpiece.  Therefore, new tires.

Spent the weekend as a Scottish Bard in an English Village in 1217.  As you can imagine, got PLAGUE.  And by that, I mean a cold.

Got an e-mail from a recruiter for a Data job.  Accidentally sent a cover letter (I had saved over my pdf resume).  Whoops.  Did start  weird thing with this guy, but thanks to illness and snow-pocalpyse, didn’t happen this week.

But, an IPA, a table awkwardly placed near the Stereo Equipment, and a quiz.  I’m home.

Okay, so weird title, but the title is how I feel about every political/social/science argument I see in social/popular media.  Or rather, the “um, what?” that the title should engender in you is how I feel.  Basic background (mine): I have a Masters in Physics and a BA in Philosophy, took all undergraduate level Philosophy of Science classes offered, and have since read up on it a bit.  I know Philosophy of Science.  And Logic.  Anyhow, seeing the way arguments unfold in 2017 is a lot like seeing the title as a conclusion.  So instead of discussing anything specific, I will discuss the title.

Here’s the “logic”:

(1) Gravity explains falling objects on Earth and the orbit of the moon.  Since the force is proportional to the masses, the moon has mass.  We’ll take (1) as an axiom to avoid me having to whip out the math. 

(2) Many “believe” (or it’s a pop-culture example of a false belief) that the moon is made of green cheese.

Since (1) affirms that the moon has mass and (2) states the moon is cheese, then:

(3) cheese has mass.

Okay, so glossing over the fact that doesn’t even really hold if the premises were true (it could mean the moon is made of a cheese that happens to have mass, etc.), let’s talk about the obvious: (2) is straight up false.  Since (2) is false, the conclusion is not valid.  Here’s the issue: (3) is true.  It just isn’t shown by this argument.  To show cheese has mass, you gouda grab a block of cheese and swiss it around in the air a bit.  You cheddar notice that, like a brick, it resists changes in motion.  But again, I Havarti mentioned that a proof of (3) is not the point, nor is it something I need to provolone.  Cheese puns.

 In any event, we can’t take (3) as true based on (1) and (2).  And knowing (3) is true does NOT make (2) true (also empirically shown to be false, but this could digress into moon landing deniers, which is a whole other thing, or a discussion of math, which is yet a whole different rant for another time).  So, this argument in and of itself is failed, but assuming that (2) and (3) are interdependent because of them is invalid (fancy logic talk for bullshit).

I have seen both sides of an issue, the political spectrum, or whatever it is on social media make one of the two mistakes above (often against each other), hence the “clickbait” title.  Thus begins my one-man war on Postmodernism and Social Constructivism.

Okay, so what I’m really going to write about is postmodernism and social constructivism in the context of Plato’s Allegory of the Cave.  Social justice advocates, or at least amateur ones on the internet, often use a plethora of postmodern/social constructivist/critical theory terms (mostly through sociology, which makes sense) in their arguments.  Many often use terms that in some way reference Plato’s Cave; “Woke” from awake (a reference to being asleep, which is similar to being chained in Plato’s cave, see below) and “Blue Piller” as a reference to the movie The Matrix, which is essentially a science fiction version of the Cave.  So first I’ll explain the Cave itself, in case you never read the Republic.  Then I’ll point out how social constructivism would translate to the cave (assuming the images in the cave are social constructions).  You can draw your own conclusions on whether or not you can still use these terms to describe yourself.  I’ll then defend the definition of science/objective reality as being “outside the cave”, though this does allow us to wonder if we’re ever truly outside of it to begin with.

Plato’s Allegory of the Cave was a chapter in The Republic, and goes really well with the Divided Line, which I will not be discussing here.  The concept is this:  Humanity, in its default state, is chained in a cave, forced to see images on a wall.  These images are created by objects manipulated in front of a fire located behind humanity; the images are literally shadows of objects.  We take these images, being all that we have ever known, as Truth.  Philosophers (in Plato’s allegory) are the enlightened, those that somehow were able to free themselves from those chains, find the exit of the cave, and experience the colors and vibrancy of real objects.  For Plato/Socrates, it is the duty of these lovers of knowledge to go back and free others from the chains.  Now you get that “Plato's Cave Rescue Team T shirt” that may be advertised to you on Facebook.  The Matrix has a similar premise, but more believable… though the lack of anything resembling a computer in 299 BC explains why he used a Cave instead.

How does Social Constructivism fit in?  Well, first we need to realize that the images are many things, but one thing that would certainly count amongst them are Social Constructs.  More specifically, any Social Construct shared by the majority of humanity (which, in a social justice context, would certainly include things like racial biases and the like).  Here’s where things get interesting.  Sociology has had, for the last 40 years or so, a Social Constructivism/Critical Theory component (either as a main theory or as a sub-set of sociology, again I come at this from a science/philosophy of science perspective, so I’m unsure of how much of sociology is in this camp, but I do know a lot of the terms they use, and can trace them to social justice argumentation on the internet).  In this view, all of reality is a social construction (  e.g. “A simple criterion for science to qualify as postmodern is that it be free from any dependence on the concept of objective truth.” -Madsen and Madsen).  In effect, this means that they are not “outside the cave”, but rather have their hands free to make Shadow Puppets.  An example of a “Shadow Puppet” in this context would be the argument for Political Correctness that asserts that changing our way of speaking about something would change our way of thinking about it; an example would be how we speak about “mental retardation” (or whatever the correct term is for it now, and I apologize if the term used, or the quotes around it, offends anyone).  Google “euphemism treadmill” for a discussion on how that has worked out over the last 200 years.  Anyhow, making shadow puppets, even if “better” than the existing images (and even if accepted), is not the same as leaving the cave.

Well, I would think that Science would be the closest thing we have to leaving the cave.  But unlike some other, far more noteworthy philosophers of science than myself (Dawkins, looking at you), I do NOT believe that Social Constructivists/Postmodernists are, at their heart, “charlatans” (http://www.physics.nyu.edu/faculty/sokal/dawkins.html); if they’re lying to anyone, first and foremost they are lying to themselves.  Why?  I don’t know; having taught in High School for 4 years, and being alive in the Modern world, I would guess that it has something to do with wanting to be smart without the fear of failure that paralyzes many students, or at least wanting to be smart without having to know much math (if that fear my students showed is not a root cause of mathphobia).  I really don’t know, to be honest. 

What I do know, is that certain things are, intrinsically, true.  I also know that they are true only in that they are true, and trying to overapply them (or even apply more simplistically explained versions of them) is not truly valid.  Newton’s name is not a universal truth of the universe; it’s possible that others had discovered some of his laws independently or even before him.  The units of “meter”, “kilogram”, “Newton”, “Seconds” are also, similar, constructs (albeit ones we have since defined based on real things, such as the distance light travels in 1/c seconds, a brass object in France, a mathematical relationship, the time it takes a certain type of quartz to vibrate a certain number of times on average, etc.).  The constant “G” is dependent on the units used (and can be 1 if you use the “right” units…).  The idea that “what goes up must come down” is not at all true (see Escape Velocity).  But if two things have mass, they will exert a force on each other, a force proportional to their masses and inversely proportional to the distance between them.  Period.

Okay, so I read a post this week on a new law people are proposing to apply civil forfeiture to protestors that interfere with commerce or traffic.  Civil forfeiture is a huge issue (see Last Week Tonight on the subject - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kEpZWGgJks); but I almost responded to the post with a new “rule” I have:  if you want to defend what you do as a protestor, or complain about a law relating thereof, then you must do it from the perspective of someone on the opposite side of the political spectrum.  Remember: they also have protestors.  Sometimes with the same slogans (#NotMyPresident was an anti-Obama thing and is now an anti-Trump thing).  If you want to claim that protesting is part of the democratic process, you must accept that they have just as much of a right to protest as you do.

I know, I know, “False Equivalence!” right?  Well, no.  Sure, they have different reasons for believing what they do; religion v science v postmodernism; fake news v fake scholarship (see last week’s rant on sociology/postmodernism).  But, end of the day, they are just as convinced of their rightness as you are of yours, and are using the same or similar methods.  What this is about is those methods; if the methods are not okay for them, then not okay for you, and vice versa.

For most people who would read this, since you either know me on Facebook or are involved in Geeks Who Drink, the assumption is you are liberal (so science or postmodernism as opposed to religion).  Many of you likely have a crocheted pink hat.  So, who you need to think about are the people that no one wants to think about; the people George Carlin described as “people you wouldn’t want to fuck in the first place”, the people protesting outside Planned Parenthood on the weekends.  I know, they’re so unpleasant looking, right?  But in honor of Roe from Roe V Wade passing away recently (who, btw, became an anti-choice protestor), let’s think about them for a second.  But only a second.  Just, whenever you have a tactic or protest in mind, picture them doing it.  Want to rush into a public building?  Think of them rushing into the Planned Parenthood lobby.  Want to block a road?  Picture them preventing anyone from entering or leaving a Planned Parenthood.  If you would be okay with them doing it, then maybe it’s okay for you to.  Or maybe they’re the wrong group for you to think about.

On the flip side, should they lose all their property to civil forfeiture for blocking the street a PP is on?  Probably not, no.  So neither should you.  And yes, they need to also think about people in pink hats on the highway when they plan their shit against Planned Parenthood (works both ways, giggity).

If you wouldn’t want your opponent (s) to do it… don’t do it yourself.

Of course, it also works in terms of what a protest accomplishes… awareness?  Well, you’re likely aware of those guys, has it changed your mind?  Probably not.  In most cases, it would only affect the more obnoxious behaviors; screaming over the guy at a Town Hall?  Probably not cool.  Going and asking the tough questions that point out their hypocrisy/bullshit/racism/whatever?  That’s perfectly fine, and please do.  Often.  Signs are always okay (or usually, as long as they’re not blocking someone else’s vision, or rather, someone that isn’t also holding a sign and there to protest, you get the point).  But yes, main point: imagine them doing it, ask yourself if it’s still okay.  Or, in the case of civil forfeiture, ask if it’s okay if it happens to them.  Remember: if it wasn’t okay to do to/because of Obama…yeah.

o, we had a team from my venue at Geek Bowl.  I’ll talk about that down in Quiz.  For now, an excerpt from a fake paper randomly generated:


Quiz.  So yes, It Takes 3 to DP competed at Geek Bowl XI.  They came in 119th, of 200-odd (252?  I forget, there was a LOT of QM drinking after Bowl).  To make them feel better, I should note that the first place team, The Shawn Kemp Fatherhood Initiative, had a team member that spent 3 days on 100 Questions and another who won Teacher’s and Tournament of Champions editions of Jeopardy!, so yeah.  That.

Slow night, low number of teams… but we have fun with that anyway.

Tie for First Place.  Wishing it was second, because then Dance Off!  But no, Had to use the Tiebreaker round… which came down to D&D saving a team.  Seriously.

So, before going back in time to 1217 to be the “pets and meat” human at a Vampire LARP, I got an e-mail saying I had a Python Interview for a Data Science program… Monday at 1.  No time to Study (since, you know, spent the weekend in the woods pretending to be a Scottish ex-pat in an English town recently taken by/given to Scotland in the First Baron’s War… so no computers), so had to, you know, wing it.  Went okay.

Tuesday afternoon I get an e-mail that in less than 24 hours I had the Statistics interview.  The number of Statistics course I have taken = the number of fucks CNN seems to give about accusations of being fake news (that’s 0, in case you didn’t know).  So I spent all day yesterday learning the vast majority of statistics.  Now I know what distribution to use when trying to figure out how many Prussian troops you’ll lose to horse-kicking (Poisson, you know, the Fish one).  Yay.

Most of it didn’t come up in the interview, but I aced it otherwise, so just waiting back to hear if I get to spend $16k to take a 3 month course on Data Science.  Yay?  I mean, I luckily still have cash left over from when I had a job, back in August… which is awesome, since I paid Income tax on all of it, and now get to pay WA sales tax as well, hells-yeah.

LARP was good, even though I got into the same number of fights as I’ve had formal stats courses.  Is it sad that my medieval counterpart is better employed than I am?  Seriously dude made like 3 Shillings (which is the cost to make 3 locks, which are super high tech in 1217).  I don’t know.  His name is Ewan McCaithan, but all the ladies seem to think his last name is “Yet”.  Sadly, just thought of that this past weekend… obvious right?
